**Privacy Policy**

Kumuly B.V. built the Kumuly Pocket app as an Open Source app. This SERVICE is provided by Kumuly B.V. at no cost and is intended for use as is. In-app purchases are available to support the development and maintenance of specific features.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decides to use our Service.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. However, please note that Kumuly Pocket does not collect any personally identifiable information from regular users. The only identifier used for regular users is their embedded Lightning node ID, which does not include personal information.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Kumuly Pocket unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

Kumuly Pocket does not require regular users to provide any personally identifiable information. We respect your privacy and do not collect any personal data from regular users. Our focus is on ensuring your security and providing a seamless experience.

The app may use third-party services for specific functionalities. These third-party services may have their own privacy policies, which you can review at the following links:

- [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)
- [Firebase Crashlytics](https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/)

**Log Data**

We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app, we may collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device's Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

**Cookies**

This Service does not use "cookies" explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. Users have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to their device. Refusing cookies may limit some portions of this Service.

**Service Providers**

We may employ third-party companies and individuals to assist us in providing and improving our Service. However, these third parties do not have access to any personally identifiable information of regular users. They are only involved in improving the technical aspects of the app and do not handle user data.

**Security**

We value your trust in using our service, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting data. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**Links to Other Sites**

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

**Children’s Privacy**

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do the necessary actions.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2023-11-13

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at contact@kumuly.dev.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
